validation fix (#2809)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **doc-review** required dot suffixes in release notes describing new content.
* Fixed an issue where using **postman-codegen** failed converting strings containing digits to kebab-case.
* Fixed an issue where the ***error-code*** command could not parse List[str] parameter.

> * Changed validation to support more section types in XSIAM layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated validation *LO107* to support more section types in XSIAM layouts.
```
